blog: Express.js Team Supports HeroDevs' Launch of Express NES (#1636)
expressjs/expressjs.com: _posts/2024-10-01-HeroDevs-partnership-announcement.md

---

> title: Express.js Team Supports HeroDevs' Launch of Express NES, Ensuring Ongoing Support for Legacy Applications

Author: ```suggestion
title: Express.js Team Supports HeroDevs' Launch of Express NES, Ensuring Ongoing Support for Legacy Applications
title: Express NES: Long-Term Support for Legacy Applications Launched by Express.js and HeroDevs
```

I like the alternative suggested by @juliogarciape. WDYT?

Reviewer: I agree with emphasizing the main topic first, not the team, alternatively just "Express Never Ending Support Launched by HeroDevs and Express.js"?

Author: Added in [960113e](https://github.com/expressjs/expressjs.com/pull/1636/commits/960113e6661cd7c4c0ba75f00dc3ffa32a59eb27). Great suggestion @blakeembrey!

> title: Express.js Team Supports HeroDevs' Launch of Express NES, Ensuring Ongoing Support for Legacy Applications

Author: ```suggestion
title: Express Never Ending Support Launched by HeroDevs and Express.js
```

description: The Express.js team is pleased to announce a partnership with HeroDevs to launch Express Never-Ending Support (NES), providing long-term support for applications built with legacy Express. This collaboration ensures that developers relying on older versions of the framework will continue to receive critical security and compatibility updates, allowing them to maintain and scale their applications securely, even after the framework's official end-of-life.
tags: partnerships, announcements
author: Express Technical Committee
---

The Express.js team is pleased to announce a partnership with HeroDevs to launch [Express Never-Ending Support (NES)](https://www.herodevs.com/support/express-nes), providing long-term support for applications built with legacy Express. This collaboration ensures that developers relying on older versions of the framework will continue to receive critical security and compatibility updates, allowing them to maintain and scale their applications securely, even after the framework's official end-of-life.

> Historically, Express.js has been known for its minimalistic design and flexibility, offering developers a powerful yet lightweight framework for building web and mobile applications. Its extensive set of HTTP utility methods and middleware have made creating APIs both efficient and scalable—qualities that have made it a go-to choice for Node.js developers over the years.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Express.js is known for its minimalistic design and flexibility, offering developers a powerful yet lightweight framework for building web and mobile applications. Its extensive set of HTTP utility methods and middleware have made creating APIs both efficient and scalable—qualities that have made it a go-to choice for Node.js developers over the years.
```

This is still true right?
